Version bump to 1.0 ?

-configmachine ui
	done
-properly do rotation
	somewhat done, could use a bit of dynamic layering in some assets but its ok
	head rotation could track looking-at, blends in for z < 0.1 (z = 0 = center of face, then up to center of head, then down spine)
	better smoother blending of direction between body-tail bit
- Slugcat menu preview
	load sprites, correct distances and thicknesses
	follow rotation
	reflect FancySlugs
	pick matching slugcat for basecolor and fancy stuff ? how ?
	
feature requests:
	layering option for all default/behind/behindhead/ontop
		done in 0.7
	flip scales
	better head-tracking for antennae
	SpinePos and Angle settings for the gills
		'done' in 0.7 8/10 passable I did my best
	spinepos on antennae to minus values (or have zero be higher)
		waiting on spinepos rewrite
	Better smoother interpolation between tail and body direction
		coming with spinepos rewrite
	Spinepos rewrite
		1. make it consider the radius of the head (this would move all assets slighly up and some defaults might need adjusting)
		2. interpolate better in the transition between body and tail
	SpinePos and lenght for Spinespikes
		done in 0.7

void sea spawns antena zooms through screen missing a position reset or smth https://youtu.be/IXIaptekU34
	done in 0.6
	
gecko scales needs to be adjustable where it starts
	done in 0.6

TailGeckoScales used to be shinier, more reflective, what changed (mehri)
make the large tail gecko scales multicolored, like with actual cyans (bigabyte)
	done in 0.6
	
top row of color selectors break in scrollbox (several)
	done in 0.6
		
having a tail[] != 4 causes issues for updaterotation and probably spineposition
	done in 0.7
	
customtails messes around with my trimeshes (customtails + antennae) (mehri)
	customtails update shall fix it soon
	
Have to switch tabs for profile name to save (me)
editing filters checkboxes doesnt trigger CM save (me)
	rewrite filter menus and name thinghie using new eventful stuff maybe ?
	done in 0.7
	
graphic selector went to 7 somehow despite the limit and bluescreened (sunshine, foxy too)
Int upandown causes bluescreen still (topaz)
Can type in invalid values and it reads them
	maybe possibly fixed in 0.7
	
add selector for rendering on top, behindhead, behind, particularly for headstuff (mehri)
	added in 0.7
	
bitten by a lizard causes layer freakout (several)
	(grabbed by a white liz tongue - topaz)
	Jolly player-grabbing-player also messes things up
	It was fancy, had ANOTHER override on addtocontainer
	fixed in 0.7
		
with expedition the liz accessiories are slucat's color (topaz)
	needs special compatibilification or poke lee about it.
	attempted fix in 0.7, can't bother to check
	
the antennaes kinda go off slugcat. segment too long = huge offset from sluggy (topaz)
	couldn't reproduce wont fix ?

freaky scales when going fast (some cosmetics call reset when too far ? thought I fixed this, maybe its something else, do they bend backwards maybe ?)

the cosmetic colour isn't dulling out when in starving state
	I think adding a setting for the cosmetic colour to inherit slugcat's menu colours could be a possible fix
		a "base collor as effect" option could solve that, making it use fancy's slugcatcolor for the effect

crash CM with high seeds, 4-digits long seed works, 5 or more will break ? luna in my dms, reports 21/09/2021 in modding support
	maxLength gets calculated on init, proceeds to trim defaultvalue, causes onchange before ctor returned, causes nullref
	maxLength seems unused btw
	solved by zeroing defaultvalue and assigning it after ctor
	done in 0.7

CG release: bumping to 1.0
0.6 - 1.0 cummulative changelog
- Added layering option for cosmetics (default/behind/behindhead/ontop)
- SpinePos and Angle settings for the axogills
- SpinePos and Lenght settings for Spinespikes
- Bugfix: Now it should save profile name and filter options without having to switch tabs.
- Bugfix: now works correctly with 'long' tails in fancyslugcats
- Bugfix: you can no longer select a graphics number of 7 or above causing the mod to bluescreen.
- Bugfix: being bitten by a lizard should no longer cause the overlap of the sprites to change when using fancyslugcats.
- Bugfix: using a seed of more than 4 digits for a cosmetic should no longer crash when loading the menu again.
